Update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-grid-implement-select-all-feature: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T282813)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to implement the Select All feature

> This example demonstrates how to display the Select All check box in the Grid View control's column header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to display the Select All checkbox in the Grid View control's column header.
```

![Select All Rows](select-all.gif)

> In this example, the **Discontinued** column displays [check boxes](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/11415/components/data-editors/checkbox) in its cells. Click a check box in a data cell to change the selection state of the corresponding row. Click the check box in the column header to send a callback to the server and change the selection state of all grid rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the **Discontinued** column displays [checkboxes](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/11415/components/data-editors/checkbox) in its cells. Click a checkbox in a data cell to change the selection state of the corresponding row. Click the checkbox in the column header to send a callback to the server and change the selection state of all grid rows.
```
